Add docs for benchmark suites and tools. (#8993)
google/iree: build_tools/benchmarks/README.md

# IREE Benchmark Suites Tool

This directory contains the tools to run IREE benchmark suites and generate
reports. More information about benchmark suites can be found [here](benchmarks/README.md).

> ## Benchmark Tools
> Currently we have `run_benchmarks_on_android.py` and `run_benchmarks_on_linux.py` to run
> benchmark suites on Android devices (with `adb`) and Linux local machines.

Reviewer: grammar/style nits:

* newline between header and content
* add "scripts" ("files" would also work)
* drop "local" (doesn't really add much to qualify, when we benchmark on cloud machines anyways)

```suggestion
## Benchmark Tools

Currently we have `run_benchmarks_on_android.py` and `run_benchmarks_on_linux.py`
scripts to run benchmark suites on Android devices (with `adb`) and Linux machines.
```

The available arguments can be shown with `--help`. Here we list some common
usages (assume the target `iree-benchmark-suites` is built under `$IREE_BUILD`):

**Run all benchmarks**
```sh
./run_benchmarks_on_linux.py \
  --normal_benchmark_tool_dir=$IREE_BUILD/iree/tools \
  --output=results.json $IREE_BUILD
```

> **Run all benchmarks and capture the tracy files**

Reviewer 2: ... and perform Tracy captures

```sh
./run_benchmarks_on_linux.py \

>   --normal_benchmark_tool_dir=$IREE_BUILD/iree/tools \

Reviewer 2: `$IREE_NORMAL_BUILD_DIR` and `$IREE_TRACED_BUILD_DIR` ?

  --traced_benchmark_tool_dir=$IREE_TRACED_BUILD/iree/tools \

>   --trace_capture_tool=${path of iree-tracy-capture} \

Reviewer 2: /path/to/iree-tracy-capture

>   --capture_tarball=captured_tracy_files.tar

Reviewer 2: tar.gz or tgz. It compresses at the same time.

>   --output=results.json $IREE_BUILD

Reviewer 2: `$IREE_BENCHAMRK_SUITE_BUILD_DIR`?

It would be helpful to explain what each of these mean too.

Author: I explained the IREE_BUILD_DIR in the section above.

```

**Run selected benchmarks with the filters**
```sh
./run_benchmarks_on_linux.py \
  --normal_benchmark_tool_dir=$IREE_BUILD/iree/tools \
  --model_name_regex="MobileBertSquad" \
  --driver_filter_regex="dylib" \
  --mode_regex="4-threads" \
  --output=results.json $IREE_BUILD
```

> ## Generate Benchmark Report

Reviewer 2: Generating..

> ## Generate Benchmark Report
> The tools here are mainly designed for benchmark automation pipeline.
> The `post_benchmarks_as_pr_comment.py` and `upload_benchmarks_to_dashboard.py`
> are used to upload and post reports to the dashboard.

Reviewer: grammar/style nits

* newline between header and content
* plural agreement for "pipelines"
* add "scripts" ("files" would also work)

```suggestion
## Generate Benchmark Report

The tools here are mainly designed for benchmark automation pipelines.
The `post_benchmarks_as_pr_comment.py` and `upload_benchmarks_to_dashboard.py`
scripts are used to upload and post reports to the dashboard.
```

> are used to upload and post reports to the dashboard.

Reviewer 2: to pull requests or the dashboard (add a link to perf.iree.dev here too)
